want to know what's heating up theaters
this weekend used to hold that girl in
the palm of my hand he was becoming a
woman you're gonna have to deal with
that Thanks who's looking for that
parents try to keep their daughters from
having sex in blockers in a
post-apocalyptic world a family lives in
total silence fearful of an unknown
threat in a quiet place dead body holds
a lot of Secrets those can be the
difference between guilt and innocence
in Chappaquiddick
Ted Kennedy deals with the personal and
political consequences of a tragic auto
accident see what's hot in theaters with
this week's fantasy patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]